Contacting X about a deceased family member's account

Skip to main content

                  Help Center

Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
Contact Us

Help Center

Account Settings

How to contact X about a deceased family member's account
How to contact X about a deceased family member's account
Help Center

Account Settings

          How to contact X about a deceased family member's account

Deceased User

In the event of the death of a X user, we can work with a person authorized to act on behalf of the estate, or with a verified immediate family member of the deceased to have an account deactivated.

Request the removal of a deceased user's account.
 After you submit your request, we will email you with instructions for providing more details, including information about the deceased, a copy of your ID, and a copy of the deceased’s death certificate. This is a necessary step to prevent false and/or unauthorized reports. Be assured that this information will remain confidential and will be removed once we've reviewed it.

Note:
We are unable to provide account access to anyone regardless of their relationship to the deceased. Read more information about

media on X concerning a deceased family member
.

Incapacitated User

In the event a X user is incapacitated, due to medical or other reasons, we can work with a person authorized to act on the behalf of the user to have an account deactivated.

Request the removal of an incapacitated user's account.
 After you submit your request, we will email you with instructions for providing more details, including information about the user, a copy of your ID, a copy of the account holder’s ID, and a copy of a Power of Attorney authorizing you to act on the account holder’s behalf. This is a necessary step to prevent false and/or unauthorized reports. Be assured that this information will remain confidential and will be deleted once we've reviewed it.

          Share this article

Post

Did someone say … cookies?

  X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.

Show more about your choices
.

                  Accept all cookies

                  Refuse non-essential cookies
