Japan Resources | X Help

Skip to main content

                  Help Center

Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
T service
Contact Us

Help Center

Country-specific resources

Japan Resources
Japan Resources
Help Center

Country-specific resources

          Japan Online Safety Information

Publication date: July 29, 2025

Information from X

X's purpose is to serve the public conversation. Violence, harassment and other similar types of behaviour discourage people from expressing themselves, and ultimately diminish the value of global public conversation.

Our Rules are to ensure all people can participate in the public conversation freely and safely. We have a range of enforcement options, which we take to reduce the risk of harm to our users, in a proportionate manner. Users can also appeal account suspensions if they believe we made an error. They can do this through the platform interface or by filing a report.

How to Control your X experience

X is a place to share ideas and information, connect with your communities, and see the world around you. In order to protect the very best parts of that experience, we provide tools designed to help you control what you see and what others can see about you, so that you can express yourself on X with confidence and to make sure your experience using the X platform is safe and secure. Please refer to:
https://help.x.com/en/safety-and-security/control-your-x-experience
 for further information.

We suggest staying informed about
account safety and security
, safeguarding your privacy, avoiding spam and scams, and consider
controlling what you see
. Our Help Center provides answers to the most
common questions
; but if you need account support, submitting a
support form
 ensures your request is routed to the appropriate team.

Online Safety in Japan: Information Distribution Platform Act

The Information Distribution Platform Act (amended in 2024) (“IDPA”) applies to X as a large-scale platform operator.

The IDPA establishes a structured due process for the Japanese community, outlining how large-scale platform operators should receive, process and respond to complaints about rights infringements under the Japanese law.

Standards for Transmission Prevention Measures

We are committed to enforcing X Rules in a manner that also ensures protecting our Japanese community against infringement of their rights in order to comply with the IDPA and other applicable laws and regulations in Japan.

Submitting IDPA Rights Infringement Complaints in Japan

You can submit a rights infringement complaint in relation to content which is accessible on X in Japan, pursuant to the IDPA, through this
form
.

Reporting a Post, List or Direct Message

Learn more
here
 about how you can submit a report or complaint about rights infringement in Japan on a post, list or direct message.

Reporting Process

Users reporting rights infringements under the IDPA should provide all necessary information in the form before submitting their report, including:

Violating content, along with the relevant URL,

Specific right that the user believe the content violates, and

Additional details related to the potential violation.

Upon submission, you will receive confirmation that your report was submitted. Your report will then be routed to the appropriate team, processed expeditiously, and you will be notified of the outcome of your report as soon as our team has all available information to make a final decision.

If a violation is identified, X will notify the violating account about the enforcement action. X does not disclose information about the person who submitted the complaint.

Withholding a post or account in a country

We may withhold access to certain content in a particular country if we receive a valid and properly scoped request from an authorized entity in that country. Read more about
country withheld content
.

Note: If you are a member of law enforcement or government, please note that the most expeditious way to submit your request is through our Legal Request Submissions site (
https://t.co/lr
 or
https://legalrequests.x.com
). Find more information in our
Guidelines for Law Enforcement
.

          Share this article

Post

Did someone say … cookies?

  X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.

Show more about your choices
.

                  Accept all cookies

                  Refuse non-essential cookies
