Brazil Online Safety Resources

Skip to main content

                  Help Center

Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
Contact Us

Help Center

Country-specific resources

Brazil Online Safety Resources
Brazil Online Safety Resources
Help Center

Country-specific resources

          Brazil Online Safety Resources

Information from X

X's purpose is to serve the public conversation. Violence, harassment and other similar types of behaviour discourage people from expressing themselves, and ultimately diminish the value of global public conversation.

Our
Rules
 are to ensure all people can participate in the public conversation freely and safely. We have a
range of enforcement options
, which we take to reduce the risk of harm to our users, in a proportionate manner. Users can also appeal account suspensions if they believe we made an error. They can do this through the platform interface or by
filing a report
.

X is a place to share ideas and information, connect with your communities, and see the world around you. In order to protect the very best parts of that experience, we provide tools designed to help you control what you see and what others can see about you, so that you can express yourself on X with confidence and to make sure your experience using the X platform is safe and secure. Please refer to:
https://help.x.com/safety-and-security/control-your-x-experience
 for further information.

We suggest staying informed about
account safety and security
, safeguarding your privacy, avoiding spam and scams, and consider
controlling what you see
. Our Help Center provides answers to the most
common questions
; but if you need account support, submitting a
support form
 ensures your request is routed to the appropriate team.

User Controls

To help you enjoy a safe experience on X, we provide tools designed to help you to control what you see, so that you can personalize your experience on X. We make it easy for you to take action on a post. Tap the
…
 icon at the top of any post on your timeline to quickly access options like unfollow, mute, block, report, and more.

Following and unfollowing:
 Users can choose to either see or stop seeing someone’s posts on their timeline.

Muting
: Users can mute an account if they do not want to see that account’s posts.

Blocking
: Block is a feature that helps you control how you interact with other accounts on X. This feature helps people in restricting specific accounts from following, Direct Messaging, and engaging with them.

Controlling replies:
 Users can choose who can reply to their posts. The default setting for public accounts is that anyone can reply, but options are available to turn off replies entirely (except for mentioned accounts), limit replies to verified accounts, or limit replies to accounts that the posting user follows. A user can adjust these settings when composing a post, with their adjustments affecting that individual post. To help minimise unwanted replies and improve meaningful conversations, users can also adjust who can reply to a post after the post has been shared. Learn more about conversations on X
here
.

Reporting
: Users can report accounts or posts they think are in violation of the X Rules. More details can be found below.

We also provide tools to help you decide what others can see about you. This includes but is not limited to our discoverability settings, sharing your location in posts, and media settings which allow you to mark your posts as containing sensitive content.

Protect your posts:
 Protecting your posts means your posts will only be visible to your followers. With your posts protected, you have control of your X experience: every time someone wants to follow your account, you have the choice to accept or decline their request. Read more
about public and protected posts
.

Photo tagging:
 Tagging friends in photos can be a great way to stay connected, but you might decide you want your X experience to be more private. You can choose between allowing anyone, just friends, or no one to tag you in photos. Read about
changing your photo tagging settings
.

Control the media you see in posts:
 Your
Privacy and safety
 settings include post media options, if you decide that you want to see a warning over media in posts that may contain sensitive content. Your settings default is to provide the warning, but you can change the setting at any time. Read more about how to
control the media you see in posts
.

Reporting Illegal Content in Brazil

You can also report illegal content under Brazilian law, pursuant to the Brazilian Supreme Court decision of article 19 of Law n. 12.965/2014 (“
Marco Civil da Internet
”) and Decree n. 12.975/2026, by making a report to X through this
form
.

Appeal Process

If you believe we made an error, you can appeal an illegal content decision. This
form
 is provided to enable an end-user in Brazil to submit an appeal.

Law Enforcement Authorities

If you are a member of law enforcement or government, the most expeditious way to submit your request regarding illegal content is through our Legal Request Submissions site (
https://t.co/lr
 or
https://legalrequests.x.com
). Find more information in our
Guidelines for Law Enforcement
.

Removal of Identical Replications of Content Already Declared Unlawful by Final Judicial Decision

This
form
 is provided to enable an end-user in Brazil, or their legal representative, to request removal of identical replications of content already declared unlawful in Brazil, pursuant to the decision set by the Brazilian Supreme Federal Court – RE 1.037.396, Thematic Issue 987.

Reporting Violence Against Women in Brazil under Decree 12.976/2026

X is committed to providing accessible tools to report illegal content, including those addressed by Brazilian Decree No. 12.976/2026 on the protection of women online and combating digital violence against women.

To report posts depicting images or videos that were taken or appear to have been taken or shared without consent under Decree 12.976/2026, including the
disclosure of scenes of sex, nudity or lewd acts without consent or unauthorized recording of scenes of nudity or sexual acts of an intimate and private nature
, report to X through this
form
.

For all other types of violence against women, we encourage users to report to X through this
form
.

IF YOU ARE A VICTIM OF VIOLENCE OR NEED SUPPORT, CALL 180 FOR FREE, SPECIALIZED ASSISTANCE AVAILABLE 24 HOURS A DAY, 7 DAYS A WEEK. THIS IS THE OFFICIAL BRAZILIAN WOMEN'S SUPPORT CENTER. X PROVIDES REPORTING TOOLS BUT RECOMMENDS CONTACTING AUTHORITIES AND SUPPORT SERVICES FOR PERSONAL SAFETY AND LEGAL GUIDANCE.

We also recommend that you report any non-consensual intimate media through
https://stopncii.org/criar-seu-caso/
 in order to have a hash/digital fingerprint generated with regards to the relevant image or video. StopNCII.org shares hashes with participating companies so they can help detect and remove duplicate images/videos from being shared online. X is a partner of StopNCII.org and participates in the efforts to avoid the mass dissemination of non-consensual nudity. Using this tool can help ensure that any reported media is not only made unavailable on X, but also in other platforms that are partners to StopNCII.org.

Minors Protection

How do our age assurance methods work?

In accordance with the Brazilian
Law nº 15.211, 17 of September 2025 (“ECA Digital")
 that provides for the protection of children and teenagers in digital environments, X is legally required to provide age assurance measures. We take a
multi-faceted age assurance approach
 to verify or estimate whether users are 18 or older. These are designed to be simple, private and secure.

Elections

Information from X

X is steadfast in safeguarding the integrity of elections and we strive to enforce the Rules with uniform consistency. Policies that may relate to elections are:

Violent content

Abuse and harassment

Hateful conduct

Civic integrity

Synthetic and manipulated media

Platform manipulation and spam

Misleading and deceptive identities

In addition, we have product specific policies that may relate to elections. For example, X’s
Political Content
 ads policy prohibits promotion of political content targeting Brazil.

We have a
range of enforcement options
, which we take to reduce the risk of harm to our users, in a proportionate manner. Users can also appeal account suspensions if they believe we made an error. They can do this through the platform interface or by
filing a report
. Please refer to
https://help.x.com/en/rules-and-policies/x-report-violation
 for details and instructions on how to submit a report to X and for an overview of the reporting process.

Electoral Violations Reporting

You can also report electoral violations under Brazilian law, by making a report to X through this
form
. Please consider the item on Electoral Violations to report violations during elections.

If you are a candidate, party, or coalition and wish to report content under Article 9-E, Paragraph 2, a dedicated channel by e-mail has been created and informed to all parties. In doubt, reach out to the national committee of your party or our local Government Affairs team.

Community Notes

Community Notes
 aim to create a better informed world by empowering people on X to collaboratively add context to potentially misleading posts. Contributors can leave notes on any post and if enough contributors from different points of view rate that note as helpful, the note will be publicly shown on a post.
Sign up to become a contributor
.

Community Notes’
code
 and
data
 are open-source, allowing anyone to view its logic to analyse, review, or help improve it. This makes it an extraordinarily transparent approach to addressing misleading information.

Community Notes do not represent X’s viewpoint and cannot be edited or modified by our teams. A post with a Community Note will not be labeled, removed, or addressed by X unless it is found to be violating the
X Rules
,
Terms of Service
, or our
Privacy Policy
. Failure to abide by the rules can result in one’s removal from accessing Community Notes, and/or other remediations.

Anyone can report notes they believe aren’t in accordance with those rules by selecting the menu on a note, and then selecting Report, or by using this
form
.

          Share this article

Post

Did someone say … cookies?

  X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.

Show more about your choices
.

                  Accept all cookies

                  Refuse non-essential cookies
