X's inactive account policy | X Help

Skip to main content

                  Help Center

Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
Contact Us

Help Center

Platform Use Guidelines

Inactive account policy
Inactive account policy
Help Center

Platform Use Guidelines

          Inactive account policy

What is X's inactive account policy?

We encourage people to actively log in and use X when they register an account. To keep your account active, be sure to log in at least every 30 days. Accounts may be permanently removed due to prolonged inactivity.

How does X determine inactivity?

Inactivity is based on logging in. Please note that you may not be able to tell whether an account is currently inactive, as not all signs of account activity are publicly visible.

What if a potentially inactive account is using my registered trademark as its username or account name?

If you believe your trademark rights are being infringed and the account seems inactive, please see X's
trademark policy
 for additional information.

What if I have a request for a username from an account that looks inactive, but I don't have a registered trademark?

We cannot release inactive usernames at this time. If a username you would like is being used by an account that seems inactive, you should consider selecting an available variation for your use on X. In general, adding numbers, underscores, or abbreviations can help you come up with an available username.

          Share this article

Post

Did someone say … cookies?

  X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.

Show more about your choices
.

                  Accept all cookies

                  Refuse non-essential cookies
