Overview on X's rules and account behavior best practices

Skip to main content

                  Help Center

Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
Contact Us

Help Center

Platform Use Guidelines

About rules and best practices with account behaviors
About rules and best practices with account behaviors
Help Center

Platform Use Guidelines

          About rules and best practices with account behaviors

Below, we’ve outlined a basic introduction to X's rules and best practices related to some of the most common questions we come across. For a comprehensive list of account behaviors that could lead to potential account violations, please see the
X Rules
.

Following

Automated proactive following and automated un-following are not allowed. For example, aggressively or indiscriminately following hundreds of accounts to get attention can create a frustrating experience for people. Read about
following rules and best practices
.

Replies

You can direct a post to a specific person using
replies and mentions
. The reply feature is intended to make communication between people easier, but repeatedly posting duplicated and unsolicited replies to many accounts is considered spam behavior.

Trending topics

Participating in X trends is a great way to join a worldwide public conversation. Our
FAQs about trends on X
 article has information on how to join in. However, posting unrelated posts to trends in order to get attention could result in your account being suspended.

Paid Partnerships

Organic Posts that involve a third-party brand providing compensation or incentives to a user, such as an influencer or content creator, to promote their product or service must include #ad indicating the commercial nature of such content. Please see our
Paid Partnerships policy
 for details.

Search (and contests)

X search is a powerful way to find out what people are talking about, right now. We may filter accounts from search if they're degrading the search experience for other people (by posting lots of duplicate links, for example). Read about our
X search rules and restrictions
 for more information. To learn how to run a contest, read about our
Guidelines for Promotions
 on X.

Automation

If you’d like to add account automation, read our
Automation rules and best practices
 article.

Having Trouble?

Check out our complete list of articles outlining our
policies, guidelines and best practices
.

          Share this article

Post

Did someone say … cookies?

  X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.

Show more about your choices
.

                  Accept all cookies

                  Refuse non-essential cookies
