Reporting X security vulnerabilities and bugs | X Help

Skip to main content

                  Help Center

Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
Contact Us

Help Center

Platform Use Guidelines

How to report security vulnerabilities
How to report security vulnerabilities
Help Center

Platform Use Guidelines

          How to report security vulnerabilities

This page documents how security experts and researchers can report vulnerabilities in the X service. If you need help with your personal account,
file a report
 with us.

We welcome reports from security researchers and experts about possible security vulnerabilities with our service. We are particularly interested in hearing about vulnerabilities that impact the confidentiality or integrity of user information or systems, and have the potential to impact a large number of people.

If you believe you have discovered a possible vulnerability in the X service, please file a report with our security team including information and detailed instructions about how to reproduce the issue. You can file your report
here
.

Note:
If you are researching security issues, please test against accounts you control, and use a X account with protected posts to avoid disclosing details about the issue publicly.

Concerned about your personal privacy or security on X?

Visit our help page all about
keeping your account secure
.

Was your personal account compromised or hacked?

Find out what to do when your
X account has been compromised or hacked
. This article provides detailed instructions about how to reset your password, regain access to your account, and contacting the X support team.

          Share this article

Post

Did someone say … cookies?

  X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.

Show more about your choices
.

                  Accept all cookies

                  Refuse non-essential cookies
