X shopping policies

Skip to main content

                  Help Center

Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
T service
Contact Us

Help Center

Platform Use Guidelines

X shopping policies
X shopping policies
Help Center

Platform Use Guidelines

          X Shopping Policy

Updated: October 30, 2025

X Shopping enables professionals and organizations to showcase their merchandise to their customers — and potential customers — on X. While X isn't involved in facilitating the purchase, sale or delivery of goods, we want people to have a positive experience in connection with the merchandise they interact with on the platform. Merchants are responsible for making sure they follow all relevant laws, regulations and industry codes when they use our service. Merchants are also responsible for handling and responding to all purchases, deliveries, customer service questions, complaints, problems and disputes.

All merchants who list their merchandise on X’s Shopping products must also comply with X’s Shopping Policy detailed on this page. Please note that X may modify this policy at any time.

In addition, all people who use X must adhere to
X’s User Agreement
, which includes the
X Rules
. Advertisers must also follow
X’s Ads Policies
, and publishers participating in
X’s Amplify Program
 must also comply with
X’s Content Monetization Policy
.

X’s Shopping products are currently available to select merchants and managed partners.

Merchant Eligibility Criteria
Merchant Business Qualifications
Account and Website Requirements

Merchant Conduct Standards
Merchandise Standards
Technical Requirements
Quality Standards
Prohibited Merchandise Categories

Enforcement Philosophy

Merchant Eligibility Criteria

Eligibility requirements to utilize X’s Shopping features are defined below.

Merchant Business Qualifications

Your business meets the following requirements:

You or your business are not an individual or entity subject to US trade sanctions.
You do not exclusively sell merchandise that falls within our
Prohibited Merchandise Categories
.
You are 18 years of age or older.

Account and Website Requirements

Your X account meets the following requirements:

You must have a
X Premium
,
X Premium Business
 or
Professional Account
.
Your X account is
public
.

Your website meets the following requirements:

Your website displays clear and accurate contact information. This can include a phone number, email address, “Contact Us” form, or business address.
Your website displays a clear return or refund policy. This can include any relevant timeframe and any necessary conditions to receive returns or refunds, or a clear disclosure that you do not accept returns or refunds.
Your website displays a clear shipping policy that includes expected shipping time.
Your website uses a secure checkout process. This can include payment transactions over a secure processing server (SSL-protected, with a valid SSL certificate).

Merchant Conduct Standards

Merchants participating in X’s Shopping products are prohibited from engaging in the following activity:

Listing merchandise that violates
legal or regulatory requirements
 in your market.
Listing merchandise that violates any third party’s
intellectual property rights
. Examples include counterfeit goods and pirated copies of copyrighted works.
Listing merchandise for which the law requires the customer’s proof of age to complete a purchase.
Listing merchandise from another business’ website domain without their permission.
Encouraging
abuse
,
hate
,
self harm
,
violence
 or
violent threats
. Examples include depictions of hateful symbols, threats of harm against an identifiable individual or protected group, and goods marketed to facilitate purging. Books, video games and other media that depict content in a fictional or educational context are permitted.
Publishing inappropriate content. Examples include goods containing profanity, vulgarity, personal attacks and inflammatory language or media.
Engaging in potentially deceptive, misleading or harmful business propositions. Examples include posting misleading content like deceptive ‘before and after’ text or images, deceptive pricing practices, omitting vital information on pricing or payment terms the customer will incur, and impersonating another person or organization.
Engage in or imply any form of discrimination or preference based on personal characteristics, such as race, ethnicity, origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, financial situation or genetic condition.

Merchandise Standards

All merchandise and descriptors listed in your Product Catalog must meet the following standards:

Technical Requirements

You are required to comply with the following technical requirements for merchandise listed in your Product Catalog:

Meet all required
product data specifications
.

List merchandise to comply with the applicable country specific
language restrictions
.
Accurately price merchandise in USD or local currency, as applicable.
Direct customers to the correct product page for that exact item on your website.
Ensure that merchandise listed in your Product Catalog is up to date and available for shoppers to purchase.

Quality Standards

To ensure that Shoppers have a positive experience on X, you must adhere to the following editorial guidelines:

Do not link to disruptive landing pages. Examples include automatic downloads, multiple pop ups that cannot be closed, interstitials or other content that interferes with a Shopper’s access.

Do not use excessive capitalization, punctuation, and symbols in merchandise descriptors.

Do not provide indecipherable, inaccurate or deceptive merchandise information. Examples include clickbait and misleading calls to action.

Prohibited Merchandise Categories

Your merchandise and its descriptors must not include the following:

Adult or Sexually Explicit Content
. Examples include sexual merchandise, pornography, sexual services, and items displaying nudity or implied sexual acts.
Alcohol
. Examples include alcoholic beverages, alcohol-infused foods, and alcohol-branded merchandise.
Illegal and Regulated Goods and Services
. Examples include body branding devices, UV tanning devices, drugs, live animals, endangered animals, human remains, counterfeit luxury, replica, surveillance products, unauthorized ticket resale, used motor vehicles, airbags, catalytic converters, stolen, pirated digital, or unauthorized goods.
Employment, Business and Income Opportunities
. Examples include job postings, recruitment offers, multi-level marketing, affiliate schemes, paid surveys, casting calls.
Financial Instruments and Documents
. Examples include NFTs, cryptocurrency, gift cards, mortgages, and replicas of official documents like passports.
Fundraising and Donations
. Examples include crowdfunding campaigns, soliciting, or collecting donations.
Gambling
. Examples include lotto scratchers, fantasy sports, lotteries, raffles, casinos, poker and bingo games. Gambling-related items like playing cards, dice, etc. that can be used for purposes other than for games that result in the payment of money or prizes of value are permitted.
Health, Medical, and Therapeutic Products
. Examples include regulated medical devices, glucose monitors, surgical tools, contact lenses, breast pumps, vitamins, treatments, medical & cosmetic procedures and services, clinical trials, telemedicine, weight loss supplements, and unapproved health claims.
Malicious Hardware
. Examples include hacking tools, malware USBs, and goods used for jamming or descrambling devices, including devices claiming protection from WiFi signals.
Misleading or Inauthentic Behavior
. Examples include offering likes, followers, selling or buying fake accounts or metrics.
Political Content
. Examples include election-related merchandise goods, advocacy, fundraising.
Tobacco Goods and Related Paraphernalia
. Examples include chewing tobacco, cigarettes, e-cigarettes, tobacco pipes, hookahs, rolling paper, filters and smoking alternatives such as vape, oral/topical nicotine solutions.
Unsafe or Harmful Products
. Examples include hazardous materials, explosives, recalled items, asbestos, chemical pesticides, and highly flammable substances like propane and fireworks.
Weapons and Weapon Accessories
. Examples include knives, guns, ammunition, explosives, and instructions on assembling weapons.

Country Specific Policies

United States

Gambling: Online gambling, sports betting, lotto scratchers, fantasy sports, and bingo games may be permitted with restrictions. Please contact your X Sales representative.

Enforcement Philosophy

All merchants who list their merchandise through X Shopping must comply with the requirements described and referenced on this page. If you violate any of these requirements, act in a manner directly counter to X’s purpose or principles, or otherwise act in a way potentially harmful to X or its customers, we may take some or all of the enforcement actions outlined below — depending on the context, severity, and history of violative behavior:

Pause or permanently revoke your access to X’s Shopping features, X’s Professional Account features, X’s advertising suite, or to X.
Hide violating content while it is awaiting removal.
Remove, or require you to remove, violative content.
Limit amplification of your account via recommendations to accounts that do not follow you.

Did someone say … cookies?

  X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.

Show more about your choices
.

                  Accept all cookies

                  Refuse non-essential cookies
