About X’s APIs

Skip to main content

                  Help Center

Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
Contact Us

Help Center

Platform Use Guidelines

About X’s APIs
About X’s APIs
Help Center

Platform Use Guidelines

          About X’s APIs

X is what’s happening in the world and what people are talking about right now. You can access X via the web or your mobile device. To share information on X as widely as possible, we also provide companies, developers, and users with programmatic access to X data through our APIs
(application programming interfaces)
. This article explains what X’s APIs are, what information is made available through them, and some of the protections X has in place for their use.

At a high level, APIs are the way computer programs “talk” to each other so that they can request and deliver information. This is done by allowing a software application to call what's known as an
endpoint
: an address that corresponds with a specific type of information we provide (endpoints are generally unique like phone numbers). X allows access to parts of our service via APIs to allow people to build software that integrates with X, like a solution that helps a company respond to customer feedback on X.

X data is unique from data shared by most other social platforms because it reflects information that users choose to share publicly. Our API platform provides broad access to public X data that users have chosen to share with the world. We also support APIs that allow users to manage their own non-public X information (e.g., Direct Messages) and provide this information to developers whom they have authorized to do so.

Accessing X Data

When someone wants to access our APIs, they are required to register an
application
. By default, applications can only access public information on X. Certain endpoints, such as those responsible for sending or receiving Direct Messages, require additional permissions from you before they can access your information.
These permissions are not granted by default
; you choose on a per-application basis whether to provide this access, and can control all the applications
authorized on your account
.

The X APIs include a wide range of endpoints, which fall into five primary groups:

Accounts and users

We allow developers to programmatically manage an account’s profile and settings, mute or block users, manage users and followers, request information about an authorized account’s activity, and more. These endpoints can help citizen services like the
Commonwealth of Virginia’s Department of Emergency Management
 which provides information to residents about emergency responses and emergency alerts.

posts and replies

We make public posts and replies available to developers, and allow developers to post posts via our API. Developers can access posts by searching for specific keywords, or requesting a sample of posts from specific accounts.

These endpoints are used by NGOs like the UN to identify, understand and counter misinformation around public health initiatives. For example, in
Indonesia, there were persistent rumors
 that vaccinations either contained pork product or caused infertility. Understanding how the rumors started and were spread allowed the UN to get a team on the ground to help dispel these myths, which caused particular concern in this Muslim-majority nation. Similarly, we help researchers listen for early symptomatic indications of disease outbreaks and monitor their spread. A team at
Northeastern University recently developed a new flu-tracking technique
 using X data that forecasts outbreaks up to six weeks in advance — much earlier than many other models, without sacrificing accuracy.

Direct Messages

Our Direct Message endpoints provide access to the DM conversations of users who have explicitly granted permission to a specific application.
We do not sell Direct Messages.
Our DM APIs provide limited access to developers to create personalized experiences on X, like
Wendy's March Madness bracket builder
. For accounts they own or manage, businesses can create these human- or chatbot-powered conversational experiences to communicate directly with customers for customer service, marketing, and brand engagement experiences.

Ads

We provide a suite of APIs to let developers, like
Sprinklr
, help businesses automatically create and manage ad campaigns on X. Developers can use public posts to identify topics and interests, and provide businesses with tools for running advertising campaigns to reach the diverse audiences on X.

Publisher tools and SDKs

We provide tools for software developers and publishers to embed X timelines, share buttons, and other X content on webpages. These tools allow brands to bring live, public conversations from X into their web experience and make it easy for their customers to share information and articles from their sites.

You can learn more about our APIs and the specifics of each endpoint in our
developer documentation
.

Across all of our APIs and data products, we take our responsibility to protect our users' data seriously. We maintain strict policies and processes to assess how developers are using X data, and
restrict improper use of this data
. When we learn that a developer violates our policies, we will take
appropriate action
, which can include suspension and termination of access to X’s APIs and data products.

To learn more about X’s APIs, please visit
developer.x.com
 and review our
developer policies and agreements
. For more information on X and GDPR, please visit
https://gdpr.x.com/
.

          Share this article

Post

Did someone say … cookies?

  X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.

Show more about your choices
.

                  Accept all cookies

                  Refuse non-essential cookies
