User research conducted by X | X Help

Skip to main content

                  Help Center

Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
Contact Us

Help Center

Research and Experiments

About user research at X
About user research at X
Help Center

Research and Experiments

          About user research at X

We conduct research to better understand our users and to improve our products. There are many different types of users (including businesses, developers, and non-X users) in many different countries influencing our products through the feedback they provide in our studies.

How are people selected to participate?

To ensure the best fit for the topic of each study, we contact users of varying experience levels, interests, etc.

How do I know it’s really X contacting me?

We request participation in a few different ways:

Email from us
: You might receive an email from an @X.com address, e.g., research@info.X.com.

Note
: For some studies, a 3rd-party vendor may contact you on behalf of X to set something up. In these cases, a X email contact will be provided to allow you to verify the authenticity of the invitation.
In the official X app for iOS or Android
: You might see a prompt in your official X app.
X.com
: You might see a prompt on X.com.

Where is survey.Xfeedback.com or X.decipherinc.com sending me?

When we conduct a survey, we use a secure survey tool beginning with that URL.

What does a study usually involve?

We conduct many different types of studies. Here are a few examples:

Onsite
: A user researcher might invite you to come to a X office to ask you questions, show you something in development to get your feedback, etc. This type of study typically takes 1-2 hours.
Remote
: A user researcher might invite you to a phone call/web conference with screen sharing in order to walk through new designs with you, see how you use things currently, etc. (note: this requires an internet connection). This type of study typically takes 1-2 hours.
Field study
: Our user researchers might come visit you in your home/office. This type of study typically takes 1-2 hours.
Survey
: You might be invited to answer a short questionnaire to help improve our products. This typically takes 5-10 minutes.

How can I opt out of hearing about research opportunities via email?

Visit your
email notification settings
 and uncheck
Participation in X research surveys
 in the
Updates from X
 section.

          Share this article

Post

Did someone say … cookies?

  X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.

Show more about your choices
.

                  Accept all cookies

                  Refuse non-essential cookies
