Digital Services Act

Skip to main content

                  Help Center

Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
Contact Us

Help Center

Country-specific resources

Digital Services Act
Digital Services Act
Help Center

Country-specific resources

          Digital Services Act

Information about European Union Digital Services Act Out-of-Court Dispute Resolution Option and Judicial Redress

If you are a recipient of the X Service in the EU and you think we’ve made a mistake in deciding:

(i) whether or not to remove or disable access to or restrict visibility of information on the X Service;

(ii) whether or not to suspend or terminate the provision of the X Service, in whole or in part, to a recipient(s) and/or their account(s); or

(iii) whether or not to suspend, terminate or otherwise restrict the ability to monetise information provided by a recipient(s);

on the ground that information provided to the X Service is illegal or violates our Terms of Service, you can appeal our decision through our internal appeals process described
here
. Alternatively or in addition, you are entitled to select any out-of-court dispute settlement body certified by the Digital Services Coordinator in the relevant Member State of the EU to resolve a dispute relating to any such decision.

X will engage with the selected certified out-of-court dispute settlement body with a view to resolving the dispute in accordance with the Digital Services Act. You should be aware that X is not bound by any decision made by a certified out-of-court dispute settlement body.

You also have the option of judicial redress by pursuing your claim with a competent court in a European Member State and you may also have other legal options.

If you wish to consider any out-of-court or judicial redress options, you may want to consult a legal advisor.

          Share this article

Post

Did someone say … cookies?

  X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.

Show more about your choices
.

                  Accept all cookies

                  Refuse non-essential cookies
