Subscriptions policy | X Help

Skip to main content

                  Help Center

Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
T service
Contact Us

Help Center

Subscriptions policy
Subscriptions policy
Help Center

          Subscriptions policy

Thank you for taking the time to learn about X’s policy for Subscriptions on X. Through Subscriptions, you can provide an extra level of content, access, and conversation for paying subscribers.

In order to ensure that people and organizations can participate in the public conversation freely and safely, we have a set of policies all creators who utilize Subscriptions must adhere to, including eligibility requirements and content and conduct requirements.

Eligibility requirements

Eligibility requirements for Subscriptions creators are defined below. These requirements have been developed to ensure that participants can derive the utmost value from the feature, reduce likelihood of conduct and content related harms for people on X, and enable learning and iteration on the feature and policy in the future. Note that meeting these requirements does not guarantee acceptance as a Subscriptions creator.

You are 18 years of age or older.

You have a complete profile with an account name, a bio, a profile picture, and a header image.
You have a verified email address. Learn how to
verify your email address.
You have secured your account by enabling  two-factor authentication. Learn how to
enable two-factor authentication.
You do not have a history of repeatedly violating the
X user agreement
 or X’s
Content monetization standards.
Your profile does not feature the identity of another person, brand, or organization, nor does it use a fake identity that is intended to deceive others.
You are subscribed to X Premium, X Premium Business. or X Premium Organizations.
You have an X account that has been active for 3 months or more.
You have posted content in the past 30 days.
You maintain 2,000 or more active followers with Premium subscriptions.
Your posts have 5,000,000 or more organic impressions within the last 3 months.
You have completed
identity verification
.

X prohibits individuals and entities from using Subscriptions in violation of applicable laws, regulations, and/or the
Subscriptions creator terms
.

Conduct and content requirements

Your conduct and content must be in compliance with the
X user agreement
, including
X Rules
. Among other requirements drawn out of X Rules:

You must not request money or engagements in exchange for content or behavior that is (a) illegal, or (b) physically, psychologically, informationally, or economically harmful to you, other people or animals. In other words, soliciting money or engagements in exchange for illegal or harmful content or behavior is prohibited.
You must not engage in fraud or deception. Do not mislead people into engaging with or compensating you. This includes not misleading people about which people or what entities are receiving compensation associated with your profile.
You must only monetize content that is original and authentic, or otherwise content that you have the rights to monetize. If you share third party content (as background audio, for example, in a video you post to your Subscriptions), you must have the appropriate legal rights to do so.

You must adhere to X’s
Content monetization standards
 for all Subscriptions content.
You must comply with the
Subscriptions creator terms
.
If you advertise on X, you must follow X’s
Ads policies
. (Note that you must not promote Subscriptions content through X Ads.)
If you are a part of X’s Amplify Publisher Program, you must follow X’s
brand safety policies
. (Note that Subscriptions content must not be monetized through the X Amplify Program.)

Enforcement philosophy

All Subscriptions creators must comply with the requirements described and referenced on this page. Should you violate any one of these requirements, act in a manner directly counter to X’s
purpose or principle
s, or otherwise act in a way we deem potentially harmful to X or its customers, we may take some or all of the enforcement actions outlined below.

Eligibility requirement enforcement

If you do not meet eligibility requirements, you will not be able to be a Subscriptions creator. If you are initially accepted to be a Subscriptions creator but later X finds that you do not meet eligibility requirements, we may pause your ability to participate.

Conduct and content requirement enforcement

Depending on context, severity, and history of violative behavior, we may:

Limit amplification of your account via algorithmic recommendations to accounts that do not follow you.

Pause or permanently revoke your ability to participate as a Subscriptions creator.
Pause or permanently revoke your access to other X products that enable people to support you with their money.
Pause or permanently revoke your access to X.
Hide violating content while it is awaiting removal.
Remove, or require you to remove, violative content.

If your account is compromised

If we detect that your account may be compromised, we will disable monetization features temporarily until your account is restored.

          Share this article

Post

Did someone say … cookies?

  X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.

Show more about your choices
.

                  Accept all cookies

                  Refuse non-essential cookies
