European Union | X Help

Skip to main content

                  Help Center

Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
Contact Us

Help Center

Country-specific resources

European Union
European Union
Help Center

Country-specific resources

          European Union

Information from X

X's purpose is to serve the public conversation. Violence, harassment and other similar types of behaviour discourage people from expressing themselves, and ultimately diminish the value of global public conversation.

Our
Rules
 are to ensure all people can participate in the public conversation freely and safely. We have a
range of enforcement options
, which we take to reduce the risk of harm to our users, in a proportionate manner. Users can also appeal account suspensions if they believe we made an error. They can do this through the platform interface or by
filing a report
.

X is a place to share ideas and information, connect with your communities, and see the world around you. In order to protect the very best parts of that experience, we provide tools designed to help you control what you see and what others can see about you, so that you can express yourself on X with confidence and to make sure your experience using the X platform is safe and secure. Please refer to:
https://help.x.com/safety-and-security/control-your-x-experience
 for further information.

We suggest staying informed about
account safety and security
, safeguarding your privacy, avoiding spam and scams, and consider
controlling what you see
. Our Help Center provides answers to the most
common questions
; but if you need account support, submitting a
support form
 ensures your request is routed to the appropriate team.

Information for Parents and Children

X, as a service, is not primarily for children, but anyone above the age of 13 can sign up for the service. We recognise that minors are a more vulnerable group by virtue of their age. The
X Rules
 enable minors to participate in the public conversation freely and safely, and minors should rely on the X Rules (and report to X) in order to protect themselves. For minors under the age of 18, who sign up for X in the EU, we have measures in place to make sure their experience using the platform is safe and secure.

You can find the following resources to keep your child’s account and experience on X safe, secure and welcoming:

Information for Parents and Minor Users

Staying safe on X

How to protect your personal information

General information on safety and security related to your X account

Information on what content is permitted, prohibited and/or restricted under our Rules

How to report violation of X’s Rules

About parental consent on X

Parental controls on X

X account restoration

Online Safety in the European Union (EU)

The European legal framework, including national laws, requires X to restrict certain categories of content within the EU. This framework includes, for example, Ireland's Online Safety Code and the EU Digital Services Act (DSA). The European legal framework requires platforms to address not only illegal content but also certain types of content considered harmful or unsafe, such as bullying and humiliating content, content that promotes or encourages feeding or eating disorders, as well as content that encourages or makes available knowledge of methods of self-harm and suicide. Consistent with Section 3 of our
Terms
, users are responsible for sharing only content that complies with applicable laws and that they are comfortable sharing publicly. As a result of these legal requirements, EU based users may find restrictions on content that is permissible and available elsewhere.

Below, we provide information on how EU based users can report illegal or otherwise restricted content under the applicable EU legal framework, as well as details regarding the appeal process. We also provide information on how EU based users can submit complaints about the implementation of certain measures under the Online Safety Code, published by Coimisiún na Meán (Ireland's Media Commission).

Reporting Restricted and Illegal Content in the EU

You can make a report about content that is illegal and/or that X is legally required to restrict under the law by making a report to X through this
form
.

Complaints Under the Online Safety Code

You can make a complaint about the implementation of measures relating to age assurance, content rating, parental controls and reporting and flagging under the Online Safety Code, published by Coimisiún na Meán (Ireland's Media Commission), by making a complaint to X through this
form
.

Reporting a Post, List or Direct Message

Learn more
here
 about how you can submit a report about illegal content on a post, list or direct message.

Reporting Flow Process

Please complete all necessary information in the applicable forms, following the instructions, in order to submit the report or complaint. Upon submission, you will receive confirmation that your report or complaint was submitted. Your report or complaint will then be routed to the appropriate team, processed expeditiously, and you will be notified of the outcome of your report or complaint as soon as our team has all available information to make a final decision.

In the case of a report about content that is illegal and/or that X is legally required to restrict under the law, if a violation is identified, X will notify the violating account about the enforcement action and their right to appeal. X does not disclose information about the person who submitted the complaint.

Appeal Process

Users can appeal an Illegal Content Decision if they believe we made an error. They can do this through this form.

To learn more about other redress options in the European Union, please visit
https://help.x.com/rules-and-policies/digital-services-act
.

Withholding a post or account in a country

We may withhold access to certain content in a particular country if we receive a valid and properly scoped request from an authorized entity in that country. Read more about
country withheld content
.

Note: If you are a member of law enforcement or government, please note that the most expeditious way to submit your request is through our Legal Request Submissions site (https://t.co/lr or
https://legalrequests.x.com
). Find more information in our
Guidelines for Law Enforcement
.

In compliance with the European Digital Services Act (DSA), X provides the following contact point through which users covered by the DSA can communicate with X directly through this
form
.

          Share this article

Post

Did someone say … cookies?

  X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.

Show more about your choices
.

                  Accept all cookies

                  Refuse non-essential cookies
