Parental Controls on X

Skip to main content

                  Help Center

Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
Contact Us

Help Center

Platform Use Guidelines

Parental Controls on X
Parental Controls on X
Help Center

Platform Use Guidelines

          Parental Controls on X

          About Parental Controls on X

Parental controls are a set of tools that we provide parents and guardians to help them exercise their judgment about how best to protect the physical, mental and moral development of their children under 16 from video content and audiovisual commercial communications available on X.

The parent or guardian must also have an X account. Parental controls will only be set up after being requested by your parent or guardian and only after we have been able to confirm the relationship between you and your parent or guardian. We will also notify the child.

          What controls can be put in place?

Parental controls can be set up and removed at any time through the following
form
. The child will be notified when a parent or guardian requests parental controls to be set up or removed.

When setting up parental controls, parents and guardians can choose to:

Restrict their child from viewing video content uploaded or shared by users that the child does not follow on X.
Restrict users whom the child does not follow from viewing any video content the child uploads or shares on X.
Restrict their child from viewing video content or audiovisual commercial communications based on specific language terms contained in the description of the video or commercial communication or based on metadata about the video or commercial communication, chosen by the parent or guardian.
Set a time limit for how long their child can use X each day.

          What do we need from the parent or guardian?

To set up parental controls settings for their child’s account on X, parents and guardians will need to fill out this
form
, providing us with the necessary information to confirm the relationship between the parent or guardian and their child and indicating their parental control preferences.

For this purpose, parents and guardians will be required to provide with such documentation that confirms their identity and guardianship information (e.g., documents showing parental/guardianship rights of minor children as applicable), their child’s identity and age (e.g., birth certificate), and other information as set forth in the
form
. Any supporting documentation sent to us will be kept confidential.

          What is the process like?

We’ve aimed to make this as straightforward for parents, guardians and children. Here’s the rundown:

The parent or guardian must have an X account.
The parent or guardian fills out this
form
 with the supporting documentation.
Should we need more information as we start the process, we’ll follow up with the parent or guardian.
When we've reviewed the relevant documentation, the settings chosen by the parent or guardian will be set up on the child’s account. Once the process is complete, we will notify the parent or guardian, as well as the child, to let them know the parental control settings have been set up.

          What you need to know in case your parent or guardian has set up parental controls

We will notify you to let you know that your parent or guardian has requested us to set up parental controls on your account and will provide you with information on the specific settings that they have set up, as well as when they make any changes to those settings.

If you have any questions, or you think that the parental controls set up on your account are a mistake, you can submit a
support form
, which ensures that your request is routed to the appropriate team.

          Share this article

Post

Did someone say … cookies?

  X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.

Show more about your choices
.

                  Accept all cookies

                  Refuse non-essential cookies
