Understanding search rules and restrictions | X Help

Skip to main content

                  Help Center

Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
Contact Us

Help Center

Platform Use Guidelines

About search rules and restrictions
About search rules and restrictions
Help Center

Platform Use Guidelines

          About search rules and restrictions

This article details the rules for using X search, and explains reasons why content may not show up in X search.

Why doesn't all content show up in X search?

In order to keep your search results relevant, X filters search results for quality posts and accounts. Material that jeopardizes search quality or creates a bad search experience for other people may be automatically removed from X search. Read more about this
here
.

General rules for using X search

The
X Rules
 explain what behaviors are permitted on X. In addition to these rules, we've included some tips below to keep your content relevant (and your posts in X search).

Please do not:

Repeatedly post duplicate or near-duplicate content (links or posts).

Abuse trending topics or hashtags (topic words with a # sign).
Send automated posts or replies.
Use bots or applications to post similar messages based on keywords.
Post similar messages over multiple accounts.
Aggressively follow and unfollow people.

X may automatically remove accounts engaging in these behaviors from search (or even suspend in some cases) in order to ensure the best experience for everyone.

Search results filtering

To learn how to filter your search results, including how to disable or enable safe search, read our
Using X search
 article.

Search results filtering in third-party applications

Accounts may be filtered from search for posting similar messages over several accounts. Your account may be filtered from search if you are logged into a third-party application that is updating many accounts with similar or duplicate content.

Rules for participating in contests on X

Businesses sometimes host contests and offer prizes to Repost an update, following a particular account, or posting posts with a specific hashtag topic or reply. If you’re running a contest, check out this
article
 for guidelines for contests on X.

If you repeatedly post near-duplicate updates or duplicate links in order to enter contests, you may be filtered from search. Please keep in mind that you are responsible for the updates that you post to your X account.

What to do if you are missing from search

Please see this
article
 for more information related to this issue.

If you are being filtered from search, rest assured that your followers will still receive your updates. If you post a reply or mention to a specific person, it will be delivered to that person.

Having trouble?

You can learn more about searching by keyword, location, and trending topics in our
Using X search
 help article.

          Share this article

Post

Did someone say … cookies?

  X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.

Show more about your choices
.

                  Accept all cookies

                  Refuse non-essential cookies
