X's fair use policy | X Help

Skip to main content

                  Help Center

Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
T service
Contact Us

Help Center

Platform Use Guidelines

Fair use policy
Fair use policy
Help Center

Platform Use Guidelines

          Fair use policy

Certain uses of copyrighted material may not require the copyright owner’s permission. In the United States, this concept is known as fair use. Some other countries have a similar concept known as fair dealing.

Whether or not a certain use of copyrighted material constitutes a fair use is ultimately determined by a court of law. Courts analyze fair use arguments by looking at four factors:

The purpose and character of the use.

How is the original work being used, and is the new use commercial? Transformative uses add something to the original work: commentary, criticism, educational explanation or additional context are a few examples. Transformative, non-commercial uses are more likely to be considered fair use.

The nature of the copied work.
What is the copied work itself? Is it factual (example: a record of a historical event) or fictional (example: a novel or Hollywood blockbuster)? Use of factual works weighs in favor of fair use.

The amount and substantiality of the copied work.
How much of the work was copied? Copying short excerpts is more likely to be found fair use than copying an entire copyrighted work.

The effect on the copied work’s value.
Will the copying harm the potential market for the copyrighted work by effectively creating a substitute or replacement for that work?  If so, the use is probably not fair use.

Fair use determinations are made on a case by case basis, and there is no clear formula to determine whether a use may be found to be fair. If you are unsure whether a particular use of copyrighted work might be a fair use, you may want to seek legal advice. X is unable to advise whether your use may be considered fair use or not.

For more information on fair use:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fair_use

https://ilt.eff.org/index.php/Copyright:_Fair_Use

https://www.lumendatabase.org/

http://fairuse.stanford.edu/overview/fair-use/four-factors/

          Share this article

Post

Did someone say … cookies?

  X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.

Show more about your choices
.

                  Accept all cookies

                  Refuse non-essential cookies
