Updates to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

Skip to main content

                  Help Center

Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
T service
Contact Us

Help Center

Platform Use Guidelines

Updates to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Updates to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Help Center

Platform Use Guidelines

          Updates to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

We believe you should always know what data we collect from you and how we use it, and that you should have meaningful control over both. As part of our ongoing commitment to transparency, and in preparation for new data protection laws that take effect next month, we’re updating our
Terms of Service
 and
Privacy Policy
 to empower you to make the best decisions about the information that you share with us.

These updates will take effect on May 25, 2018. By using our services on or after that date, you’ll be agreeing to these revisions. You should read the documents in full, but the key updates in our Privacy Policy include:

More focus on the controls we offer you over your personal data;
More focus on how X shares your public data broadly and instantly, including through our developer tools;
More transparency and control over how we share your data with business partners; and
More clarity about how we share your data to prevent harm, comply with law, serve the public interest, and keep X safe and welcoming for everyone.

We’ve also updated our Terms of Service so that we have one set of terms for both X and Periscope, and to clarify that you must have rights to the content you share on our services.

Remember, you can use the controls we highlight in our updated policy to limit the information we collect about you or how we use it. You can also choose to deactivate your X account. You have the final say about whether and how we process your personal data. If you have any questions, please feel free to
contact us
.

          Share this article

Post

Did someone say … cookies?

  X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.

Show more about your choices
.

                  Accept all cookies

                  Refuse non-essential cookies
