Search Recommendations

Skip to main content

                  Help Center

Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
Contact Us

          Search Recommendations

There are many ways to use search on 𝕏. You can find posts from yourself, friends, local businesses, and everyone from well-known entertainers to global political leaders. By searching for Topic keywords or hashtags, you can follow ongoing conversations about breaking news or personal interests.

We give you control over what you see in your search results through safe search mode. These filters exclude potentially sensitive content from your search results. You have the option to turn this off, or back on, at any time.

How does 𝕏 find search results

Our search systems are split into five categories: Top, Latest, People, Media, and Lists. 𝕏 also supports typeahead, or ‘autocomplete’, searches, which are queries that run behind the scenes when you type something on the search bar. You can access these categories using any search term on
https://x.com/search
. Each of them works in a similar fashion, except Latest search.

Top:
 a filtered search of posts focusing on the more relevance and more popular posts

Latest:
 latest posts without filtering

People:
 user accounts matching the query in relevance order

Media:
 posts with photos / videos

Lists:
 curated lists of accounts

How does 𝕏 decide which search results to show you

Millions of posts are created daily and globally, and only a small fraction are relevant to any specific search. 𝕏 uses a wide variety of signals to decide which results to show you, depending on the search category. For example:

Top:
 posts are ranked using a combination of scores from three models:

an engagement score, which relies on a detailed social score, post media interaction, author score, author in network score, media details, media popularity, is trending, has media and hashtags post category, post latency score, search score results, and a post category score;

a health score, which is based on spam reports, number of blocked, number of policies infractions, spam post content; and

a relevance score, which relies on a query matching score, post social score, post age, post author network, and post content score.

Latest:
 posts are recommended based on the relevance from query keyword matching in the order of which they are being published. Users can use specific language keywords (such as “From:exampleuser”) to get more targeted results.

People:
 users are recommended using a variety of criteria, including search score, last updated post, popularity score, in-network score, and recent engagement score.

Media:
 media is recommended using a variety of criteria, including content and engagement.

Lists:
 lists are recommended based on content of the list and follower graphs.

How you can influence the search results you see

You can influence the search results that are shown across 𝕏 by reporting content if you think it violates our rule. You can also influence the search results shown to you by adjusting your search criteria (for example, to only show posts with links, to only show results from those you follow, to limit results to a particular location, or by setting engagement thresholds or date ranges), or through using ‘safe search’ mode. (Learn more,
here
.)

𝕏 has also designed tools that help you control all content that you see across the platform and to protect you from content you consider harmful. (Learn more,
here
.)

How you can see non-personalized search results

You can always choose to see search results that are not tailored for you by using the Latest results view. Latest search uses the search terms in your query and returns matching posts in reverse chronological order (the only filters applied in this case is global visibility filter removing posts from spam accounts, protected accounts, deactivated accounts, and so on.)

More information

For a more detailed view of how our search results recommendation system works, please see:

An overview from our engineering team below; or

Our About Search Rules and Restrictions help center article,
here
.

System Overview

The major components of our search recommendation system are illustrated below:

Query processing and decoration is done via search-mixer which gets the raw query from our graphql service

Search session is created by asynchronously collecting data about the search so we can improve quality via AI model that are trained few times a year and used in search-ranker

For latest search since no ranking is needed search-mixer calls directly earlybird to get the latest posts.

Search-mixer Search Assistant Service helps fix typo’s

Search mixer uses visibility filtering to ensure it does not return posts to users for blocked users, protected users, deactivated users.

For all other searches Candidates Retrieval then happens in search-ranker; for each user, potential candidates are fetched by the user’s location and interests.

Ranking (search-ranker): Machine learning models are used to rank the candidates to optimize engagements, relevance and health.

Feedback Collection via client events: User feedback, such as social actions on posts (e.g., repost, reply, quote, favorite, etc.), are collected after the search for model training and analysis.

Life of a search query

After pressing enter on a search query it gets sent to a graphql endpoint, which creates a Thrift request without content modification and sends it to the search-mixer service for processing.

Search-mixer is a thrift service that transforms the request into a language the different downstream services and databases can understand, aggregates results from downstream services and applies filtering to render results to the client.

Search-mixer request processor follows the following logic:

Transforms the raw query (input from user) into a parsed query language which is then interpreted by earlybird into Lucene query.

Run validation (whether the query is properly crafted)

Language identification (detect the language to prioritize post from this language)

Search Assistance (detect potential typo and add search correction term to the query)

Transforms special instructions (𝕏 supports around 50 custom operators that allows users to execute targeted queries such as filter follows, geo query or list queries, etc.)

Mix all results into a hybrid timelines, create response

Logs search terms for popularity ranking and offline analysis

Search-mixer will then send the query to search-ranker and then execute a few rules with the results from search-ranker such as visibility filtering.

Search-ranker talks to a few services to find relevant posts matching the query as follows:

Process the query, look up query related metadata

Look up user metadata and network features

Search candidate retrieval:

Posts from Earlybird (440 posts)

users from ExpertSearch (people search only)

Hydrate all results, do re-ranking, filtering, deduping, etc.

Earlybird is 𝕏’s post index database; it is divided in multiple clusters and can be used to query:

Recent post cluster (most recent 7-10 days of data)

Full post cluster

Post from protected users

Post from X Premium

Search candidate Retrieval

This step retrieves the relevant posts given a user.

Feature Hydration

The posts and users' features are hydrated, meaning we collect information about the posts, and the author to use in the ranking stage. The information includes:

Post features:

health score

Is NSFW filter

topic category

Users features:

embeddings of user’s interests

blocked users

Filtering

Unhealthy posts and blocked users are filtered out.

Search Ranking

This is where most of the algorithm logic happens: using a list of candidate sources we retrieve what we think is the best content for the search (semantic search, approximate nearest neighbor search, follower graph search). We get about 500 posts which we will rank using features (data) from the posts and authors and narrow down to 50 that will be sent in ranked order, following the algorithm we described above.

Features

Both users’ features and posts’ features are used. They are used to train the model to optimize user engagements and then for ranking.

Post Models

Posts are ranked by using a combination of three machine learning models to return the best search: The formula is the following => 1 * engagement + 0.5 * health + 0.031 * Relevance.

Note that for different posts in the engagement model weight varies: favorite, replied, repost and quote has weight 1.0, photo clicked has weight 0.5, long linger has weight 0.1.

User Models

Users are ranked by relevance matching (query terms based on username, profile name, etc.) and ranked using social features such as (social scores, real graph score, new users, etc.).

Scores

Each Users/Posts then gets a score from the ranking formula above. The posts with the highest scores will then be selected to appear in search following their ranking.

Feedback collection

Top search results are served to the users, who can either click on the results or report them as irrelevant or spammy. Click engagements are used to further train the machine learning models.

Typeahead search

TypeAhead is a system that serves autocomplete suggestions for prefixes, and is used in multiple parts of our applications, including the Search bar, post compose box, and DM target user selector. It supports following types:

queries (including #hashtags)

users

events

topics channels (lists)

Typeahead search is managed by the
typeahead-mixer
 service which, similar to
search-mixer
, includes the following logic:

transforms the raw query (input from user) into a parsed query format;

run validation (whether the query is properly crafted); and

language identification (detecting the language to prioritize for query suggestions.

In addition it adds some extra steps:

Curation steps: to allow easy filtering of damaging content on the platform.

Did someone say … cookies?

  X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.

Show more about your choices
.

                  Accept all cookies

                  Refuse non-essential cookies
