X's abusive profile and profanity policy | X Help

Skip to main content

                  Help Center

Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
T service
Contact Us

Help Center

Safety and cybercrime

Abusive profile information
Abusive profile information
Help Center

Safety and cybercrime

          Abusive profile information

X Rules:
 You may not use your username, display name, or profile bio to engage in abusive behavior, such as targeted harassment or expressing hate towards a person, group, or protected category.

Rationale

While we want people to feel free to express their individuality in their profile names and descriptions, we have found that accounts with abusive profile information usually indicate abusive intent and strongly correlate with abusive behavior. The high visibility of profile names and descriptions also means that people might involuntarily find themselves exposed to threatening or abusive content when visiting a profile page.

When this applies

We will review and take enforcement action against accounts that target an individual, group of people, or a protected category with any of the following behavior in their profile information, i.e., usernames, display names, or profile bios:

Violent threats
Abusive slurs, epithets, racist, or sexist tropes
Abusive content that reduces someone to less than human
Content that incites fear

We will not consider insults under this policy. However, we will still take action against these accounts if we receive reports about posts or Direct Messages that are in violation of our other policies. As always, context matters when we evaluate for abusive behavior and in determining appropriate enforcement actions.

Do I need to be the target of this content for it to be a violation of the X Rules?

No, we review both first-person and bystander reports of such content.

Consequences

If an account’s profile information includes any of the abusive behaviors listed above, we will permanently suspend the account on first violation.

If an account uses a hateful symbol in its profile information, the account-holder will be required to remove the symbol before they can use their account again. Repeated violations will lead to permanent suspension. For more information on how we handle hateful imagery and symbols, see our
media policy
.

If someone believes their account was suspended in error, they can
submit an appeal
.

          Share this article

Post

Did someone say … cookies?

  X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.

Show more about your choices
.

                  Accept all cookies

                  Refuse non-essential cookies
