Information for Parents and Minor Users

Skip to main content

                  Help Center

Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
Contact Us

Help Center

General

Information for Parents and Minor Users
Information for Parents and Minor Users
Help Center

General

          Information for Parents and Minor Users

X, as a service, is not primarily for children, but anyone above the age of 13 can sign up for the service. We recognize that minors are a more vulnerable group by virtue of their age. The
X Rules
 enable minors to participate in the public conversation freely and safely, and minors should rely on the X Rules (and report to X) in order to protect themselves.

For minors under the age of 18 who sign up for X, we have measures in place to make sure their experience using the platform is safe and secure. Here are some key safety and privacy features we have in place:

X’s policies set the minimum age to use the service at 13. X automatically offboards anyone who does not meet our age requirements.
Accounts belonging to known minors (between 13 and 18 years old) will be defaulted to “Protected posts”. This means that known minors will receive a request when new people want to follow them (which they can approve or deny), that their posts will only be visible to their followers, and that their posts will only be searchable by them and their followers (i.e. they will not appear in public searches). Furthermore, once these accounts enter a date of birth that makes them under the age of 18, they will be stopped from re-entering a new date of birth. Please note that if an account is set to "public posts," posts from that account may be used for training Grok. To learn more about Grok including how to control whether an account's data is used for Grok training please see
here
.
Accounts belonging to known minors will be
restricted to receiving DMs
 from accounts they follow by default.
X applies restrictions to its
recommender system
 by making certain categories of potentially harmful content ineligible for inclusion.
While X permits certain types of sensitive media - including consensually produced and shared adult pornography, we restrict known minors from
accessing such media
.
Users can block accounts instantly if they do not want to see those accounts' posts. Users can also mute an account if they don't want to see their posts but don't want to unfollow the account.
Users can choose who will be able to reply to their posts when posted. The default position is that everyone can reply but options are available to turn off all replies or only allow the accounts mentioned in the post to reply. A user can also change who can reply to their posts, or turn off replies, after the post has been posted.
X allows users to report other users who they believe are under the age of 13. X has set up a dedicated
reporting form
 to permit any user to report an account that they suspect is being used by a minor under the age of 13.
X has a
policy
 prohibiting users from promoting or encouraging suicide or self-harm. When someone searches for terms associated with suicide or self harm, the top search result is a notification encouraging them to reach out for help.

X also prohibits knowingly marketing or advertising certain products and services to minors as detailed in the following policy:
Prohibited advertising content for minors
. This policy applies to monetization on X and X’s paid advertising products, and advertisements containing age-inappropriate content will be tagged as “not family safe” and will be restricted from being shown to users under the age of 21. If an account does not have a date of birth associated with it, X infers the user’s age based on their interactions with the site.

          Further Information

In addition, you can find the following resources to keep your child’s account and experience on X safe, secure and welcoming:

Staying safe on X

How to protect your personal information
General information on safety and security related to your X account

Information on what content is permitted, prohibited and/or restricted under our Rules

How to report violation of X’s Rules
About parental consent on X

X account restoration

Age assurance on X

We suggest staying informed about
account safety and security
, safeguarding your privacy, avoiding spam and scams, and consider
controlling what you see
. Our Help Center provides answers to the most
common questions
; but if you need account support, submitting a
support form
 ensures your request is routed to the appropriate team. You can always
appeal
 an enforcement decision.

NOTE:
Informational resources available on our
Help Center
 are not intended for law enforcement use and such requests should be directed to X's Legal Request Submission site, available at
t.co/lr
 or
legalrequests.x.com
.

          Share this article

Post

Did someone say … cookies?

  X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.

Show more about your choices
.

                  Accept all cookies

                  Refuse non-essential cookies
