X's Suicide & Self-harm Policy | X Help

Skip to main content

                  Help Center

Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
Contact Us

Help Center

Safety and cybercrime

Suicide and Self-harm Policy
Suicide and Self-harm Policy
Help Center

Safety and cybercrime

          Suicide and Self-harm policy

March 2026

You may share content that seeks support, discusses recovery, raises awareness, or builds communities for mental health support. However, content that encourages, promotes, actively engages in, or depicts self-harm behaviors is against our Rules.

At X, we believe in fostering open conversations about mental health, recovery, and support. We also recognize the need to protect people from the potential harm caused by exposure to content that could promote or encourage self-harm. That’s why our policy prohibits content that promotes or encourages self-harming behaviors and provides support to those undergoing experiences with self-harm or suicidal thoughts.

How we define Self-harm

Self-harm is any material depicting, encouraging/promoting, actively engaging in or expressing desire or intent to engage in Self-harm Behaviors.

We define Self-harm Behaviors as any self-inflicted act that may result in harm, including risk of death or injury. This includes:

Self-inflicted physical harm (e.g., cutting, burning, scratching or re-opening wounds, inserting needles)

Suicide methods

Disordered eating behaviors such as starvation or bulimic behaviors

Dangerous challenges or stunts

Harmful drug use or substance abuse

Learn more about our enforcement

What's Not Allowed

We will remove promoting, encouraging, depicting or actively engaging in Self-harm Behaviors.

Violations of this policy include, but are not limited to:

Encouraging someone to physically harm or kill themselves

Asking others for encouragement to engage in self-harm or suicide, including seeking partners for group suicides or suicide games

Sharing information, strategies, methods or instructions that would assist people to engage in self-harm and suicide

Suggesting that certain wounds or methods of self-harm are insufficiently severe

Describing self-harm as a healthy way of coping with problems or as a sophisticated or artistic response to problems

Content that discourages recovery or help seeking

Content (mainly media) depicting Self-harm Behaviors shared without recovery context

Content or accounts exhibiting predatory behavior targeting children (especially ones exhibiting Self-harm Behaviors) is not allowed. If minors appear to be interacting with known predators, we may suspend their accounts as a protective measure. If you believe a child is at immediate risk of harm or death, please reach out to your local law enforcement

Violations of this policy can occur via posts, images or videos. You also can’t include this content within areas that are highly visible on X, including in live video, profile pictures, headers, List banners, or Community cover photos. Such content must be removed and subsequent violations may result in the account being placed in read-only mode or suspended.

Allowed (No Action, With Support)

We support discussions that help users process experiences or seek help to foster support and awareness, provided it does not promote, encourage, or glorify harm. We respond by offering resources (e.g., access to locally available hotlines) and encouraging professional help, without removing the post unless it violates other rules. This includes:

Personal disclosures about ongoing or past self-harm, suicidal ideation, emotional distress, or recovery experiences

Media relating to scars with recovery context (not graphic such as healed scars)

Sharing coping mechanisms and resources for addressing self-harm or suicidal thoughts

Discussions that are focused on research, advocacy, and education related to self-harm or suicide prevention

Note: people can share their personal experiences, but should avoid sharing detailed information about specific strategies or methods related to self-harm, as this could inadvertently encourage this behavior.

Crisis Support and Law Enforcement

If we receive a report that someone has expressed an intention to engage in self-harm or suicide, we will contact them directly, encourage them to seek support, and provide information about dedicated online and hotline resources.

We may also work with law enforcement officials where appropriate, for example, if we receive a valid emergency disclosure request as defined in our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
.

How to Report

Anyone can report content that may encourage or promote suicide or self-harm via our in-app reporting or our
specialized reporting form
. These reports are routed to a dedicated team who evaluate each case individually.

Learn more
 about how you can support someone experiencing thoughts of self-harm or suicide.

Appeals

If you believe we made a mistake, you can
submit an appeal
.

Did someone say … cookies?

  X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.

Show more about your choices
.

                  Accept all cookies

                  Refuse non-essential cookies
