Adult Content Policy

Skip to main content

                  Help Center

Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
Contact Us

Adult Content

May 2024

You may share consensually produced and distributed adult nudity or sexual behavior, provided it's properly labeled and not prominently displayed.

We believe that users should be able to create, distribute, and consume material related to sexual themes as long as it is consensually produced and distributed. Sexual expression, whether visual or written, can be a legitimate form of artistic expression. We believe in the autonomy of adults to engage with and create content that reflects their own beliefs, desires, and experiences, including those related to sexuality. We balance this freedom by restricting exposure to Adult Content for children or adult users who choose not to see it. We also prohibit content promoting exploitation, nonconsent, objectification, sexualization or harm to minors, and obscene behaviors. We also do not allow sharing Adult Content in highly visible places such as profile photos or banners.

How we define Adult Content

Adult Content is any consensually produced and distributed material depicting adult nudity or sexual behavior that is pornographic or intended to cause sexual arousal. This also applies to AI-generated, photographic or animated content such as cartoons, hentai, or anime. Examples include depictions of:

full or partial nudity, including close-ups of genitals, buttocks, or breasts;

explicit or implied sexual behavior or simulated acts such as sexual intercourse and other sexual acts.

Learn more about our enforcement

Restricted Reach

You’re allowed to post Adult Content provided it’s properly labeled with a content warning so users who do not wish to see it can avoid it. This also means children below the age of 18 are not exposed to it. If you post content that includes any of the following categories, you need to label your content.

Adult Nudity

visible genitals or anus exposed or focused on or when prominently featured;

visible female nipples;

fully nude butts.

Sexual Behavior

explicit sexual activity including vaginal, oral or anal sex, usage of sex toys or any form of sexual penetration;

implied sexual activity including clothed sexual simulation, states of sexual arousal such as erection or sexual activity that is pixelated, blurred, or strategically covered;

bodily fluids used in sexual context.

Allowed

The following content is not considered Adult Content and does not need a content warning:

educational content such as breast cancer awareness;

medical content such as post-surgery media of breast augmentation or mastectomy;

partial or digitally obscured nudity such as modeling or beach photos;

activist campaigns carried out with nudity;

artistic nudity or sexual behavior, including paintings, drawings, sculptures, or statues;

parody or satire to convey a political idea, or lobby criticism, such as caricatures or cartoons;

humor about certain phenomena or theme with no intent to cause sexual arousal such as memes.

Not Allowed

You can’t include Adult Content within areas that are highly visible on X, including in live video, profile pictures, headers, List banners, or Community cover photos. Such content must be removed and subsequent violations may result in the account being placed in read-only mode or suspended.

Adult Content must also comply with all X rules that result in content removal or account suspensions, including:

Non-consensual nudity

Promoting or soliciting sexual services

Child sexual exploitation

Violent sexual conduct

Unwanted sexual content & graphic objectification

Bestiality and necrophilia

How to mark your content

If you regularly post adult content on X, we ask that you please
adjust
 your media settings. Doing so places all your images and videos behind a content warning that needs to be acknowledged before your media can be viewed. You can also add a one-time content warning on individual posts. If you continue to fail marking your posts, we will adjust your account settings for you.

Users under 18 or viewers who do not include a birth date on their profile cannot click to view marked content. Learn more about age restricted content
here
.

You may begin to see new media content warnings on posts that X has designated as containing Adult Content (instead of a generic sensitive media label). When these new content warnings are available for you to use, please be sure to continue marking your media accordingly.

How to report

Anyone can report unmarked content or other violations using our dedicated in-app reporting flow.

Appeals

If you believe we made a mistake, you can
submit an appeal
.

Did someone say … cookies?

  X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.

Show more about your choices
.

                  Accept all cookies

                  Refuse non-essential cookies
