Our guidelines for running promotions | X Help

Skip to main content

                  Help Center

Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
T service
Contact Us

Help Center

Platform Use Guidelines

Guidelines for Promotions on X
Guidelines for Promotions on X
Help Center

Platform Use Guidelines

          Guidelines for Promotions on X

Businesses, organizations, and even some creative individuals have hosted contests and sweepstakes through their X profile. Contests and sweepstakes on X may offer prizes for posting a particular update, for following a particular account, or for posting updates with a specific hashtag. If you’ve been thinking about hosting a contest using your X profile, here are some simple guidelines to follow to ensure your contest doesn't ask anyone to violate any of X's rules or guidelines:

 Discourage the creation of multiple accounts

If people create a lot of accounts in order to enter a contest more than once, they’re liable to get all of their accounts suspended. Please be sure to include a rule stating that anyone found to use multiple accounts to enter will be ineligible.

Discourage posting the same post repeatedly

Posting duplicate, or near duplicate, updates or links is a violation of the
X Rules
 and jeopardizes search quality. Please don’t set rules to encourage lots of duplicate updates (e.g., “whoever Reposts this the most wins”).  Your contest or sweepstakes could cause people to be automatically filtered out of
X search
. We recommend setting clear contest rules stating that multiple entries in a single day will not be accepted.

Ask people to mention you in their update so you can see all the entries

When it comes to picking a winner, you’ll want to see all the contestants. If the updates mention you, you’ll be able to see all the updates in your Notifications timeline (learn more about
replies and mentions
). Simply running a public search may not show every single update, and some contestants may be filtered from search for quality.

Encourage the use of topics relevant to the contest

You might decide to have people include relevant hashtag topics along with the updates (e.g., #contest or #yourcompanyname). Keep in mind that hashtag topics need to be relevant to the update; encouraging people to add your hashtag to totally unrelated updates might cause them to violate the X Rules.

Follow the X Rules

While these guidelines should help keep your contest entrants in good standing, please make sure you also review both the
X Rules
 and our
search best practices
 before starting your contest. If you’re a business on X, you might also want to check out
business.x.com
 for more information and tips.

Applicable laws and regulations

Before starting any contests or sweepstakes please ensure that they comply with all applicable laws and regulations. Compliance with such laws and regulations is your responsibility; please consult with an attorney if you have questions about legal compliance.

Having trouble?

Read about
reporting violations
 for more information.

          Share this article

Post

Did someone say … cookies?

  X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.

Show more about your choices
.

                  Accept all cookies

                  Refuse non-essential cookies
