User Agreement Summary

      Skip to main content

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including
professional and job ads
) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your
settings
.

                Accept

                Reject

                User Agreement Summary

Below is a summary of the key terms of the “Contract” that applies to your use of our Services. When you use our Services you agree to our “User Agreement.” Your use of our Services is also subject to our Professional Community Policies (which covers your conduct while using the services) as well as our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy (which together cover how we collect, use, share, and store your personal data).
We can each end the Contract, but some rights and obligations will survive.

Here are some key obligations that you agree to in the Contract:

You’re eligible to enter into the Contract and you are at least our “Minimum Age.”

You will keep your password a secret.

You will not share an account with anyone else.

You will follow our “Dos and Don’ts” and our Professional Community Policies. Our Professional Community Policies have three main elements:
Be Safe:
 do not post harassing content; do not threaten, incite, or promote violence; do not share material depicting the exploitation of children; do not promote, sell or attempt to purchase illegal or dangerous goods or services; do not share content promoting dangerous organizations or individuals.
Be Trustworthy:
 do not share false or misleading content; do not create a fake profile or falsify information about yourself; do not scam, defraud, deceive others.
Be Professional:
 do not be hateful; do not engage in sexual innuendos or unwanted advances; do not share harmful or shocking material; do not spam members or the platform.

You will comply with the law.

You will keep your contact information up to date.

You will only provide information and content that you have the right to share.

Your LinkedIn profile will be truthful.

You’re okay with us providing notices and messages to you through our websites, apps, and contact information you provided to us.

If you get a paid service from us, You’ll honor your payment obligations and you are okay with us storing your payment information.
You understand that there may be fees and taxes that are added to our prices and that refunds are subject to our refund policy.

You agree that we have limited liability under the contract and have disclaimed warranties regarding our Services.

You agree that we can use data and other information about you to make and order relevant suggestions and to generate content for you and others.

      You will review and edit any AI generated content before sharing with others. As with any content, you are responsible for what you share.

Here are some things that you acknowledge about our Services:
When you share information on our Services, you understand that others can see, copy and use that information.
While we offer many choices about how your personal data is used in connection with the Services, you agree that we can use your personal data subject to this Contract, our Privacy Policy and notices and consents we provide in the context of the Services.
You grant us a non-exclusive right to use the content and other information you share (or otherwise submit) on our Services.
Your use of others’ content and other information on our Services is at your own risk. LinkedIn is not responsible for third-party products and services offered through our platform.
We have the right to limit how you connect and interact on our Services.
We may change or end any part of the Services.
We may limit the availability of features, content and other information (e.g., they may not be available to all).
We may make changes to the Contract (and our prices) which will have a prospective effect from the date of change.
If we have a legal dispute, you agree to use the courts and law identified in the Contract.

Here are some key obligations that LinkedIn agrees to in the Contract:
Posting original content or providing feedback and personal data through our Services does not change ownership in this content and information and so you would continue to own what is yours.
We will abide by the license terms for the non-exclusive license that you grant to us.
We’ll honor the choices that you make about who gets to see your content, including how and if it can be used for ads.
We’ll honor the terms of our Privacy Policy and the choices that you make about your personal data through our settings.
If we have a legal dispute, we agree to use the courts and law identified in the Contract.
You may have a right of redress and
appeal
.
