Netflix Family
Skip to main content
We've updated our Privacy Statement on April 17, 2023.
Read the latest version here.
Hide site banner
Privacy statement & Terms of use
To see our California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Privacy Notice, please scroll down.
Welcome to the website for the Netflix Family Magazine (“Website”)! This Privacy Statement and Terms of Use document (“Terms”) explains our Terms of Use and Privacy Statement for this Website.
You must be at least 18 years of age to interact with this Website. Individuals under this age may only access and/or utilize the Website with the involvement of a parent or legal guardian. The Website, its contents, and its services (the “Website”), as well as the Netflix Family Magazine, are for entertainment purposes only.  This Website is brought to you by Netflix, Inc.  For questions about our privacy practices, this Website, Netflix Family Magazine, or these Terms, please contact us by email at
netflixfamily@netflix.com
.
To see our California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Privacy Notice, please scroll down.
Collection and Use of Information
In order to provide you with the Website, we and/or our Service Providers (defined below) may collect certain information and/or content from you, including the following:
Identifiers
 (such as name, e-mail address, postal address, postal code, telephone number, IP address, from the devices you use to connect, and characteristics about the networks you use when you connect to our Website)
Internet or other electronic network activity information
 (such as your interactions with the Website)
We and our Service Providers will use the information and content you provide to administer the Website. We will also use this information to fulfill your requests, such as sending you a physical copy of each upcoming volume of the Netflix Family Magazine and email updates and promotional announcements about Netflix Family or Netflix.
This Website may permit you to sign up to receive our email newsletter. You can unsubscribe from such emails at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in the footer, or by following such other instructions as may be provided to unsubscribe.
When you interact with us, certain information might be collected automatically. Examples of information include: the type of computer operating system, device and software characteristics (such as type and configuration), referral URLs, IP address (which may tell us your general location), statistics on page views or interactions with activities, and browser and standard web server log information. This information is collected using technologies such as cookies, pixel tags, and web beacons. We use this information for the support of internal operations, such as to conduct research and analysis to address the performance of our Website, and to generate aggregated or de-identified reporting for our use.
This Website might use cookies to support the performance of our site and to remember choices you have made, such as preferred language. You can modify your browser settings to control whether your computer or other device accepts or declines cookies. If you choose to decline cookies you may not be able to use certain interactive features of this Website or certain of its Websites. You can delete cookies from your browser; however, that means that any settings or preferences managed by those cookies will also be deleted and you may need to recreate them. Depending on your mobile device, you may not be able to control tracking technologies through settings. The emails we send might include a web beacon or similar technology that lets us know if you received or opened the email and whether you clicked on any of the links in the email.
The Website might give you the option to share information by email, social or other sharing applications, using the clients and applications on your smart device. Social plugins (including those offered by Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Pinterest) allow you to share information on those platforms. Social plugins and social applications are operated by the social network themselves and are subject to their terms of use and privacy policies.
We use reasonable administrative, logical, physical and managerial measures to safeguard your information against loss, theft and unauthorized access, use and modification. We may retain information as required or permitted by applicable laws and regulations, including to fulfill the purposes described in these Terms.
This Website uses analytics services such as Google Analytics to collect and process certain analytics data. These services may also collect information about your use of other websites, apps, and online resources You can learn more about Google’s practices by visiting
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
Disclosure of Information
We may disclose your information for certain purposes and to third parties, as described below:
The Netflix family of companies: We might share your information among the Netflix family of companies (
http://netflix.com/corporateinfo
) as needed for data processing and storage, providing customer support, content development, and for other purposes described in the Use of Information Section of this document.
We might use other companies, agents or contractors ("Service Providers") to perform services on our behalf or to help us to provide this Website and Netflix Family Magazine to you. For example, we may use Service Providers to provide infrastructure and IT services (like hosting the Website) and to fulfill your mailing request for Netflix Family Magazine. We do not authorize Service Providers to use information except in connection with providing their services, subject to the following safety issues. We and our Service Providers may disclose and otherwise use information where we or they reasonably believe such disclosure is needed to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, (b) enforce these Terms, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address illegal or suspected illegal activities, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Netflix, our content partners, users or the public, as required or permitted by law.
If, in the course of sharing information, we transfer personal information to countries outside your region, we will take steps to ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with these Terms and in accordance with the applicable laws on data protection.
Your Information and Rights
You can request access to your personal information or correct or update out-of-date or inaccurate personal information we hold about you. You can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information, or request portability of your personal information. If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
To make requests, or if you have any other question regarding our privacy practices, please contact our Data Protection Officer/Privacy Office at
netflixfamily@netflix.com
. We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information.
Requesting Print Copies of Netflix Family Magazine
Until supplies are exhausted, you can request that we mail you one (1) print copy of the upcoming volume of Netflix Family Magazine. To request a print copy of Netflix Family Magazine, please visit
this page
 and follow the directions to complete the online form. By signing up, you will also be mailed subsequent issues of Netflix Family Magazine. You acknowledge and agree that this giveaway is not combinable with any other offer, cannot be redeemed for cash, is not transferable, and void where prohibited by law. Limit one (1) print copy of each new volume of Netflix Family Magazine per household using one (1) email account. Offer requests generated by script, macro or other automated or improper means are void. Offer recipients are responsible for all federal, state and local taxes, if any. Print copies will be mailed within nine weeks of the date of receipt of request to the mailing address you provide on the online form. Netflix is not responsible for lost, late, misdelivered, stolen, delayed or undelivered offer requests or print copies, or for errors which may occur in connection with the administration of this offer or the processing of requests. Persons who submit fraudulent or inaccurate information, or tamper with or abuse any aspect of the offer, will be disqualified. Netflix reserves the right to withdraw or terminate the offer at any time without prior notice and for any reason, including in the event that the administration, security, or fairness of the offer become impaired. By participating and submitting your information, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. If you would like to unsubscribe from being mailed a print copy of the latest volume of Netflix Family Magazine, or to update your mailing address, please email us at
netflixfamily@netflix.com
.
Intended use of the Website
This Website and any related content or activities, including the Netflix Family Magazine, are for your personal and non-commercial use only. During your use of the Website and Netflix Family Magazine, we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, license to access their content and activities. Except for the foregoing limited license, no right, title or interest shall be transferred to you. You agree not to use the Website for public performances. You are responsible for all Internet access charges.
You agree not to archive, download (other than through caching necessary for personal use), reproduce, distribute, modify, display, perform, publish, license, create derivative works from, offer for sale, or use content and information contained on or obtained from or through the Website or the Netflix Family Magazine without express written permission from Netflix and its licensors. You also agree not to: circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade or thwart any of the content protections in the Website; use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Website; decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble any software or other products or processes accessible through the Website; insert any code or product or manipulate the content of the Website in any way; or, use any data mining, data gathering or extraction method. In addition, you agree not to upload, post, email or otherwise send or transmit any material designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment associated with the Website, including any software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs.
NEITHER NETFLIX NOR ITS AFFILIATED ENTITIES, NOR ANY OF ITS AGENCIES, NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE WEBSITE OR THE NETFLIX FAMILY MAGAZINE, IS LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR LOSSES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, THE WEBSITE OR THE NETFLIX FAMILY MAGAZINE, EVEN IF ADVISED IN ADVANCE OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
Netflix may suspend or terminate your access to this Website if you fail to comply with these Terms.
The Website, including all content provided on the Website and Netflix Family Magazine, is protected by copyright, trade secret or other intellectual property laws and treaties. Netflix is a registered trademark of Netflix, Inc. If you believe your work has been reproduced or distributed in a way that constitutes a copyright infringement or are aware of any infringing material available through the Website, please notify us by completing the Copyright Infringement Claims form (
www.netflix.com/copyrights
).
The Website may contain links to other websites owned and operated by third parties ("Third Party Website(s)"). These links are provided to you as a convenience only and visiting any Third Party Website is at your own risk. Netflix is not responsible for the content on such Third Party Websites and makes no representations or warranties with respect thereto. Your access and use of any such Third Party Websites is subject to their terms of use and privacy policies.
By using, visiting, or browsing the Website, you accept and agree to these Terms. If you do not accept these Terms and/or any updates to these Terms, please do not use this Website.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice applies to California consumers and supplements the Terms.
Personal Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household (“CCPA personal information”).  We have collected categories of CCPA personal information noted in the Collection and Use of Information section of these Terms within the last twelve (12) months.
Use of CCPA personal information
We use categories of CCPA personal information listed above for the purposes noted in the Collection and Use of Information section of these Terms.
Categories of CCPA personal information disclosed for a business purpose
We disclose the categories of CCPA personal information noted in the Collection and Use of Information section of these Terms for business purposes.  Specifically, we disclose these categories of information for business purposes to the following categories of third parties: Service Providers, the Netflix family of companies, an entity engaged in a business transfer, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies.
Sources of CCPA personal information
We explain our sources of information in the Collection of and Use Information section of our Terms. (Please see that section for more information that may be of interest to you.)
Your rights under the CCPA
You have the right to request that we disclose: what categories and specific pieces of CCPA personal information have been collected about you; the categories of sources from which CCPA personal information are collected; our business or commercial purpose for collecting, using, or disclosing CCPA personal information; the categories of third parties with whom we share CCPA personal information; the categories of CCPA personal information we have disclosed about you for a business purpose. We do not sell personal information.
You have a right to receive a copy of the specific CCPA personal information we have collected about you.
You have a right to deletion of your CCPA personal information, subject to exceptions under the CCPA.
You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising any of your CCPA rights. We will not discriminate against you based on your exercise of any of your CCPA rights.
You can assert these rights only where we receive a verified request from you. For information on how to exercise your rights, please see the Your Information and Rights section of these Terms.
If you are a consumer under the CCPA and wish to contact us through an authorized agent, the authorized agent can submit a request on your behalf at
netflixfamily@netflix.com
 along with a statement signed by you certifying that the agent is authorized to act on your behalf. In order to verify the request and your identity, we may ask you to verify your identity. Because we only collect limited information about individuals, we may be unable to verify requests to the standard required by the CCPA.
Last updated: 04/17/2023
Where else can you find us?
Netflix Jr.
Where kids can learn, sing, and play with their favorite Netflix characters — from StoryBots to Super Monsters and everyone in between.
Netflix Jr. on YouTube
Netflix Family
Discover thrilling new shows and movies for the whole family — from Sonic to Miraculous, with plenty of adventures along the way.
Netflix Family on YouTube
Parents & Caregivers
You can stay up to date on Netflix Family announcements by following our channels. Click away!
Find Netflix Family on Pinterest
Find Netflix Family on Netflix
Follow Netflix Family on Instagram
Follow Netflix Family on Facebook
